Wenxi
You didn't mean to leave me forever
Roll away?
Mr. Lu, please respect yourself
self-respect
Why didn't you say that when you seduced me?
Who gave me the medicine?
Can't wait to climb the doors and windows
Seduce me several times
I've seen a lot of vain women like you
analysis
The hard-to-get-away trick is boring if you play too much
What can that man satisfy you?
He is just an ordinary doctor
What does it have to do with you?
What's your business?
Tell me when you two are good
He's my boyfriend!
That's between me and him Meng Xinhan
This is just a small lesson for you
Unfortunately, my patience is limited
Dr. Xu, I still have something to do
I'll go first
Thanks for taking me back
Hello uncle
Chen Xiaoxu said
You were the attending physician at the dinner party
It's Aunt Jiang
I have treated the hospital for the past few months
Later?
How much did you forget to send Dr. Xu to help me take care of me?
Don't worry, uncle, I will take good care of auntie.
Hmm, I knew it.
He never forgot Jiang Man's heart
Xiaoman
Since you ask so
Then you wait for my revenge.
Better than
Hello
Unplug the shoulder treatment device for me
Just give him some medicine
Bitch like him
It's his blessing to hang on and not die